---
layout: post
title: New Year, 2015
---

Hello, five days into two thousands fifteen.

So, 2014 passed. The idea to weigh at 70kg was never materialised. Only lost 12kg since February from 107 when I was in Ann Arbor. An average of 1kg/month.

**Short recap of 2014.**

I did travelled. Stateside specifically. Chicago - Ann Arbor - SF - Seattle - Boston - New York - Ann Arbor - Chicago. About 20 days in winter. -20 degrees was the hardest part of the trip. Set foot on UofM, Cal, Berkeley, UW, Harvard, MIT. The list goes on.

In hope to turn everything into normal was not that successful. Hiccups here and there. But some of the great things I have done are undergoes internship for 15 weeks, 3 weeks longer than everyone. Entered Kerteh plant which I was never in when living in Kemaman. Had a product launch. Received first job offer from a semi conductor MNC in Penang (You can guess).

**Where next?**

Going to answer Robotics final in 24 hours. Perhaps, the final tough subject of this 4 year. Bromo in later this month, hopefully.

Build more products and *ship it*.  Finish school. 6 months round the world trip, possibly. Attend a good friend commencement.

Build a career, challenging one. Remote place such as Kazakhstan, dangerous such as Kabul. Finally, managerial diplomat. The hard one.

**A Reflection**

Depressed year. Yes. Many deadlines to meet. Missed a few, many actually. Broken friendship perhaps due to my compulsive behaviours.

Planned to meet counsellor. Had a streams of bad nightmares for quite sometimes.

2015, must be the year to be less cocky and good listener. That repulsive nature should go away.

Finally, to a prosperous 2015 after a very bad 2014. Eventhough, 2014 had the least number of air accidents but highest number of casualties.

And another finally, if you ever read this. Sorry. Well sorry, not going to change anything. If we ever cross each other path again, I anticipate it will be pleasurable one.

End this writing with this lyrics.

_We keep this love in a photograph, We make these memories for ourselves, Where our eyes are never closing, Our hearts were never broken, And times forever frozen still_ - Photograph by Ed Sheeran.

Don't be a grammar nazi.